blog(embertimes156): econn with typescript blog (#712)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-07-17-the-ember-times-issue-156.md

---

## [Using ember-concurrency with TypeScript 🤝](https://jamescdavis.com/using-ember-concurrency-with-typescript/)

[James C. Davis (@jamescdavis)](https://github.com/jamescdavis) wrote a blog post summarizing how to use [TypeScript](https://github.com/microsoft/TypeScript) with [ember-concurrency](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency) as well as some best practices.

ember-concurrency is an addon that manages asynchronous tasks in Ember applications. The addon traditionally exports a `task` function which is used similarly to a computed property.

```js
import { task } from 'ember-concurrency';

export default Component.extend({
  myTask: task(function*() {
    yield foo;
    return bar;
  })
}
```

> The blog post goes through how using Ember Octane and TypeScript, we need to use Native Class Syntax. The [ember-concurrency-decorators](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency-decorators) package was created to make this work for ember-concurrency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The blog post goes through how to use ember-concurrency with Ember Octane and TypeScript. For Octane, we need to use Native Class Syntax. The [ember-concurrency-decorators](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency-decorators) package was created to make this work for ember-concurrency.
```

> The blog post goes through how using Ember Octane and TypeScript we need to use Native Class Syntax and so the [ember-concurrency-decorators](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency-decorators) package was created to make this work for ember-concurrency.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The blog post goes through how using Ember Octane and TypeScript, we need to use Native Class Syntax. The [ember-concurrency-decorators](https://github.com/machty/ember-concurrency-decorators) package was created to make this work for ember-concurrency.
```

Author: Thanks! accepting this suggestion

> However, decorators cannot change the type of the thing they decorate. So the [ember-concurrency-ts](https://github.com/chancancode/ember-concurrency-ts) package was created which provides a couple of utility functions such as `taskFor` for using TypeScript with ember-concurrency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, decorators cannot change the type of the thing they decorate. To allow TypeScript, the [ember-concurrency-ts](https://github.com/chancancode/ember-concurrency-ts) package was created to provide a couple of utility functions such as `taskFor`. 
```
